New for autoref and snap (#66)
CGAL/cgal-web: _posts/2025-06-13-autorefine-and-snap.md

</div>
<br>
<div style="text-align:center;">
  <a href="../../../../images/autoref_mem.png"><img src="../../../../images/autoref_mem.png" style="max-width:95%"/></a>
</div>

<p>Even if exact computations are used internally, if the input is using double coordinates, then the output point coordinates are also rounded to double coordinates.
As a matter of fact, this naive rounding to double implies that out the 9997 valid input files, only 9425 were free from self-intersection after autorefine and naive rounding.
So we are left with 572 files still featuring self-intersections while the purpose of calling the autorefine function was to resolve them.</p>

<br>
<h3>A New Snap Rounding Strategy</h3>

<p>
Based on [1], CGAL 6.1 introduces the new parameter `apply_iterative_snap_rouding()` to the autorefine function to activate a snapping strategy in order
to avoid self-intersections produced while rounding the coordinates to double.
With the default values of the parameters for this method, all the models but one could be rounded with one call.
The remaining model required a few more iterations.

> The main idea behind the method is a loop that rounds vertex coordinates of triangles involved in a self-intersections onto a floating point number type, eliminates degenerate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main idea behind the method is a loop that rounds vertex coordinates of triangles involved in a self-intersections to integers (up to a scaling factor), eliminates degenerate
```
